We've got a listener put together for order created.
We're now going to repeat that same process for order cancelled.
The only thing we're going to do inside the order cancelled listener is update the status of the order
that we had previously saved to cancelled.
That's pretty much it.
Then whenever a user makes a request to pay an order or essentially create a charge, we're going to
check to see if the order they are trying to pay for has a status of cancelled or not.
And of course, if it has a status of cancelled, we will reject the payment.
That's pretty much it.
Let's get started on this order.
Cancelled listener.
Hey, back inside my listeners directory, I'll make a new file of order.
Canceled.
Listener.
And this listener is going to look very similar to the one we just put together.
So let's just get right to it.
At the very top, we will import our order.
Cancelled events are subject M and the listener base class from our common module.
I'll then export a new class of order.
Cancelled listener.
That will extend listener and we'll plug in our order cancelled event.
We can then set up our subject as subjects.
Order cancelled.
Assign it a value as well.
After that, we will import our Q group name.
From Cue group name.
And then assign that in the body.
So cute group name is.
You.
Group name.
As usual.
You know what comes next?
Async on message.
We're going to receive a data object that has type order cancelled event.
And then our message, which is of type message.
And again, let's import our message type.
At the top.
Okay.
Now let's take a look at what data is available to us, just as a really quick reminder on the order
cancelled event object.
So I'll do a command click on order cancel event at the very top.
So it's like we are told the ID of the order that was cancelled.
We're also given a version and then presumably, well, the status is going to be cancelled.
So all we have to do is take a look in our collection of orders.
We're going to try to find some order with the given ID and the appropriate version number as well.
And we're going to update its status to cancelled.
That's pretty much all we have to do.
So instead of on message, we're going to begin by making a query and trying to find the appropriate
order for that.
We, of course, need our order model.
So I will import order.
From up to directories.
Order at the top.
And we can find an order as a wait order, find one.
The reason we're using a find one here, you might remember we ran into this a little bit ago.
When we make this query, we want to find a record with the appropriate ID.
So the ID that is listed inside this data object and the appropriate version as well, just make sure
that we are processing all these events in the correct order.
Now, with the order itself, it doesn't really make a big difference to worry about the version too
much, because remember around in order, all we really have is the order created in the order cancelled.
That is it.
There's not really any ordering of events per say, because if we fail to find the order at all, that
means that, well, we probably have not correctly processed that create order event just yet.
And if we find the correct order, it doesn't really matter what the version is, because there's never,
ever going to be any intermediate update events inside there either.
So we don't strictly need the version thing this time around, but we're going to include it anyways
just to possibly prepare our code for some particular new event that we might introduce into our app
at some point in time in the future of something like maybe order updated or something like that.
So if we ever had some kind of update event, that's when the version starts to get really important.
So we're going to write out some code here that's just going to assume possibly at some future point
in time, we might have the ability to update and order.
Okay.
So four, find one right here.
We'll try to find some appropriate ID of underscore ID and will come from data ID and then our version
will be data version minus one.
Once again, we might want to extract this, find one helper method into a separate function inside
of our model file itself.
I'll leave that up to you if you want to go through that process.
So after we've got our order, well, then make sure that we actually did find an order.
So if there is no order, let's throw a new error and just say order not found.
And then otherwise we'll update the status of this order manually.
To update the status manually.
We need to import the status or the order status enum from our common module.
Well, then do an order set of status to order status not cancelled.
And then we can save the order.
So I'll do in a wait order.
Save.
And naturally, right after that, we will act the message.
And that's pretty much it.
All right.
So at this point, we could definitely write a test here, but very much like the last listener we put
together, not super necessary.
So once again, we will write a test, but it is 100% optional.
So if you don't want to write the test, no problem whatsoever.
We'll take a pause right here, come back in the next video, go through the optional test and then
move on from there.